what is going on dresses a papal reviews
here and this is my very first app
review on my iPhone and today we're
going to be reviewing a game called
subway surfers if you haven't heard of
the game it's a pretty much just like
temple run except there's not one lane
but three and which that makes it kind
of more fun and the concept of the game
is that you try to avoid getting hit by
trains running into stuff what obstacles
and get away from the cop so the story
behind it is there's like a bunch of
guys you can unlock there's about three
or four I think not really that much but
uh they're spray-painting on the side of
this train and then the cop when you hit
tap your knee tap the screen it's just
have to play the cop will say hey what
are you doing and then he'll start to
run in the new that's where it all
starts and then so your top on your
screen you'll have I'm sorry they'll
have missions and you have a daily
challenge I've already done it and what
I had to do is that to clip the cre w
for crow and then it gave me like this
mystery box thing and then your other
missions get to character tokens one
left roll 30 times in a total of seven
feet orsa in the total row 30 times in
total seven left it's been spend two
thousand coins and stuff so i'll show
you the store real quick so the shops
down here so what you can get is you
it's like i said it's kind of like
pretty much just like temple run you can
get a hoverboard a mystery box head
start farther head start skip mission to
get mission to skip mission 3 and then
upgrades the things that you collect
during your run you can get a jetpack
which makes you fly above the power
lines and you can get a whole bunch of
coins and stuff and then super sneakers
where you can jump really high a coin
magnet where you get coins obviously in
x two multipliers or multiplier and you
can tap them to buy to upgrade them
already upgrade them all once then you
can get characters you start out with
this guy and then you can get her by
using the mystery box you can get him
him him or her hanging by more coins
obviously and you can also connect
yourself to facebook which is pretty
cool I not going to do it because it's
kind of annoying and so let's give you a
little bit of gameplay so you tap a
screen and the guy starts chasing you
then you just swipe to go one way and
you can jump and it gives you a little
demo before the game starts and just so
you guys know and then you just try to
collect the coins and then i'll try to
get far enough for you guys so i can
show you how a trains come at you and
stuff but this is the jetpack and you
can when you upgrade it makes you get
last longer I don't know if you can see
this I'll try to sew in then it ends at
the end and then you'll have two ways to
go and then you can get these super
shoes without Sun you up and is you see
I got hit by a train as it was coming at
me and then your coins go up here your
scores right here and then your game
thing whenever it is right here and then
a quick way to get to the shoppers you
click that one let's go up error that
says boost or anything and then you can
buy all your stuff and you just hit that
the X above x/x x x above and then you
hit play so that's that game it's pretty
fun it's free and it's rated four stars
which is may I think it's number one in
for free right now so i recommend go
getting it try it out why not it's free
so if you like this video do your stuff
like comment all that subscribe and
please stay tuned for the outro thank
you